Update proxy as Slice type (#401)
icerpc/icerpc-docs: content/slice/encoding/icerpc.md

resp. stream return value, if any.
{% /slice2 %}

## Custom type ServiceAddress {% icerpcSlice=true %}

A [service address] is represented in Slice by the custom type `IceRpc::ServiceAddress`:

```slice
mode = Slice1

[cs::namespace("IceRpc.Slice")]
module IceRpc

/// Represents the address of an RPC service that can be called using ice or icerpc. This custom type is
/// compatible with both Slice1 and Slice2.
[cs::type("IceRpc.ServiceAddress")]
custom ServiceAddress
```

{% slice2 %}
A service address is encoded as a URI [string]. This URI can be absolute or relative.
{% /slice2 %}

{% slice1 %}

## Encoding a ServiceAddress {% icerpcSlice=true %}

> A null service address is encoded as the [null Ice identity](/icerpc-for-ice-users/rpc-core/ice-identity) (two empty
> strings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A null service address is encoded as the [null Ice identity](/icerpc-for-ice-users/rpc-core/ice-identity) (empty category and name strings).
```

| facet                    | Converted into the service address fragment                                         |
| invocationMode           | Ignored                                                                             |
| secure                   | Ignored                                                                             |
| protocolMajor            | `1` for ice, `2` for icerpc; other values are invalid                               |
| protocolMinor            | Must be 0                                                                           |
| encodingMajor            | Ignored                                                                             |
| encodingMinor            | Ignored                                                                             |
| serverAddressList        | Converted into the server address and alt server address(es) of the service address |
| adapterId                | Converted into an `adapter-id` parameter if not empty                               |

The proxy options ignored and therefore lost during decoding are invocation mode (`-t`, `-o`, `-D` etc.), secure
(`-s`), and encoding (`-e`).

> 

Reviewer 2: Why do we mention proxy options here?

Author: I don't understand your question. 

Is it the term "proxy options" that you dislike?

Reviewer 2: This section now describes the decoding of a service address, this decoding is urelated to proxies

Author: You're right, I deleted this sentence. The table above already shows we ignore these fields during decoding.
